very good afternoon welcome and desire
I am sony and today I bring you a video
special as it approaches good it
approximate since we have reached 30
thousand subscribers is worth and I had thought
make a special special because
challenge of the whole journey that I've had
over here since I've been in 2012
playing on youtube , which I'm going to
make an extraction that will be special
for me because I have achieved a goal
that I thought about six months ago or
less brontë approximately seven months
when I stayed this channel which I did not
I would stop would not let me drop it since I
what happened to me was very hard and it has given me
many more forces place now that
it must have been more support because I
good river tongue
Having said here background and year
the introduction in the title is worth
I will request if you want to participate in
the video can come out as you can get out
to be able to verify very easily
come on I'm going to do one until I
you have up here is worth to make some
small videos of questions and
answers since I 've never done it
neither in this channel nor in the previous one
I'm going to do a bit of the video
answer
and I'm also going to request voucher if
you want to participate you want to go out in my
channel a link and click vale
approximately about 8 or 10 seconds
a kind of greeting from the channel that
can improve something but something productive
I did not see anything like it 's something productive
for the channel even from a
congratulations to the webcam
a congratulation to make possible that
the quality I will upload bad as I will put it
in the montage that I plan to do
for the special apart from that I will make you
a couple of afternoon
apart from that it will also bring a couple of
secret little things to a couple of little things
good for you the truth that
I liked it a lot when I had it
nothing happened to tell you that this video is
very important to me is worth it since it is the
first thing I do like that I hope you give me
your support as it is going to be for the
special 30,000 a special video goes
for the channel to take a small spin
will not change a nation and how is it going
but I will be able to increase other series
of things in which I ask you here
If you want to participate in our video
it's simply uploading it to youtube by the
no no hidden my money spends link
private porting or directly by
twitter as you want
and if you want you can plant a video
as a productive saying for the channel is
a proposal wants to send some
advice congratulations ok or we went to
question and answer topic here
I will have said hashtag above with which
you must publish the question and with the
hashtag voucher is to say the questions
all albion could not catch them proposes
the vast majority even if I see that we
I would like enough questions could
make a part of the special I am
simply questions and answers what
What is said, I hope you will see
your mini klitschko said about 810
seconds with the best quality you can
it's worth not
be very dark and others already independent
that if you want for example to record the
you want to record the private message the
link for example you put me happy clip
click special congratulations for
example a special click 30 here already with
that directly from downloading the
video I will mount it and others
I repeat questions and answers between
hasaka he has a video and you have it
description also so you can
tweeting is worth any question either
of my life from the theme channel
the place and others with kids
I hope you collaborate the truth that is
it's something new it's worth on my channel
I've never done it and I hope I can start
a new stage in this channel that already
are 30 thousand people and the truth that
thank you very much, nothing, a greeting
and thanks for being there until later